## WEEK 32-33-34-35-36

### Development for Done Tello:    
  
   - On MacOs:   
        - Does not require any prior installation by the user.   
        - Once the program is made to send it to the tello drone. A zip will be downloaded with all the necessary library dependencies. Inside the zip is the executable (send_tello.sh) that will take care of the shipment.   
        - This executable will install everything necessary if it is not available, for example python2.7.   
        * [Video with the process explained for the physical Tello in python on MacOs](https://youtu.be/SAa1XO8Cp_o)*   
        
   - In Windows:
        - The user is required to download a .bat file, which can be found on the exercise info page, and run it. This executable is in charge of installing python2.7, the necessary libraries ...   
        - The process of sending the program is similar to MacOs. The only thing that the executable that takes care of the delivery is a .bat (send_tello.bat)  
        * [Video with the process explained for the physical Tello in python on Windows](https://youtu.be/vfRo9dGXbBw)*     
        
   - The integration process has been tested in:
        - MacOS Catalina Version 10.15.6   
        - Windows 10   
        - windows 7   
    
### Development for GopiGo3:  
 
   - *For Raspberry Pi:*   
        - An executable has been developed that the user will have to install on the RaspberryPi.     
        - This executable is in charge of installing all the necessary drivers for Gopigo3, the necessary libraries and it will assign a static IP necessary to send the program, this installer can be found on the exercise information page.   
         
   - *The process on MacOS, Linux and Windows for sending the program is almost the same:*     
        - It does not require any prior installation for its operation.   
            * Optionally, In MacOS and Linux you can install a previous executable that will prevent that when you send the program to gopigo it asks you for the RaspberryPi password.    
        - To send the program:   
            - Currently only works in python.   
            - The RaspberryPi has to be connected to wifi and our computer has to be connected to the same wifi network.  
            - Once the program is done, an executable will be downloaded that will be in charge of sending the program to Gopigo3.   
             
   - Videos with the shipping process:   
        - *[Linux](https://youtu.be/d93zqhf-Yyo)*   
        - *[MacOs](https://youtu.be/PrARUrZWFm4)*         
        - *[Widnows](https://youtu.be/1InHFgN2FeQ)*        
            
   - The integration process has been tested in:
        - MacOS Catalina Version 10.15.6   
        - Windows 10   
        - windows 7  